Blessed are the vast majority of his funds
All on 1314 stock
So of course we also sell 1314.
I have transferred 2 billion into your account.
You transfer all the liquidity of An's
I'm not afraid that I'll lose my money
Has your company fallen into a debt crisis?
Let's do it
Let's invest more than ten billion in it first
Let the stock price go crazy
Then we start to evaluate the position
Then the stock price will go crazy
Wow, you're going to let Yofu
Spit up everything he's eaten all these years
It seems that Yufu and his silly son
I won't be able to sleep tonight.
Let me tell you something.
Not only do I keep them awake
I'm going to make them blast
Mom is bad
1314 stocks fell by the limit
What!
Go on like this
Our May Day will be gone soon.
What are you panicking about, you useless thing?
I will transfer 1 billion to you immediately.
You continue to invest in 1314
Pull up the stock price
We can't let 500 million lose
Good, very good.
They're already on it.
Looks like Yves has taken the bait
I'm going to invest a few more billion.
Very good, I also bought the 1314 stock immediately
Let's go together
Let Yuv die faster
Mom, the other party is also pulling the skeleton.
Weird, I thought they were going to smash it
Looks like someone is trying to mess with us
Go on like this
Our billion will be gone soon.
I am a major shareholder of Youshi
Which unknowing guy dares to compare money with me
I will transfer another 1 billion to you immediately.
No matter what, hold on for another hour
Retouch after an hour
We'll talk about it when it opens tomorrow.